Can you help me to make a webpage to help my clients select photo for their album from their own home. Make three webpages. 1st Webpage : Use php for showing images from the specific folder. The images should be shown from the folder because the images will be filter wise in folder. The backend will automatically will help to show the images and also will help to select the images. The selected images will be saved in the click of save buttom in the last of the webpage. The selected images will be saved in browser. After click of save show review buttom. 2nd Webpage : Make a webpage to show the selected saved images from the browser in review webpage. In this page add a system to send the selected images to studio members. Make a members webpage to manage all clients selected images. The client name will be shown in the members portal. There could be many clients so make the webpage to manage a amount of 20 clients in the webpage and the client selection can also be deleted in the member portal. 

Webpages design : Gallery webpage - First add a header and add my studio name. Studio name : আয়না ঘর Studio . Then add the images of different size with the functions. Add a footer also with html social media icons. Use tailwind css for responsiveness and darker color in the webpage. Use javascript framework for image gallery image view setting according to the images.

Review webpage - According to the gallery webpage add the header and footer. Use javascript frame work , tailwindcss and darker colors in the webpage.show the selected images with full screen mode functions. Add the image sending to studio and re image selection change buttom. Add final decliration in the send buttom. Add sending the selected image to studio the two webpage service of the client will be closed.

Member webpage - According to the page add header and footer in this page also. But make a design that will help members manage different clients photo selection. The selected image by client will be donload as zip file in one click. Add a delete buttom to deleted the older client image selection. 

The images will be showed from the filter wise folders.